Updated empty Contributing financially (#188)
mautic/mautic-community-handbook: pages/15.contributing/11.Contributing-financially/docs.md

---

---
## Contributing financially to Mautic

> If you desire to contribute and support the project and have a say in the future of Mautic please see https://www.mautic.org/become-a-member-of-mautic. There are individual and corporate packages available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you desire to contribute and support the project and have a say in the future of Mautic please see [Become a member of Mautic[member]. There are individual and corporate packages available. 
```

This is how we should do link macros with Grav - we're in the process of moving this over to Read the Docs so it will eventually be done much more elegantly! I've added the macros in the second comment.

> For money only sponsorship please see https://opencollective.com/mautic/donate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For money only sponsorship please [donate here][donate].

[member]: <https://www.mautic.org/become-a-member-of-mautic>
[donate]: <https://opencollective.com/mautic/donate>
```
